_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /about/
title: "About"
layout: single
---

### Ay Up, I'm Louis!

Enthusiastic software developer with a background as a software developer and computing lab assistant at the University of Derby. Proficient in  C++, C#, Unreal Engine and Unity, with a solid foundation in game development and virtual reality development.

---

### Technical Skills

#### Programming Experience

I am experienced at using C++ and C#, I also have tangential experiences with using C and JavaScript.

#### Software Experience

Experienced in using Unreal Engine(4/5), Unity, Visual Studio, Rider, Git, SteamVR and Windows. I am also familiar with Blender, Maya, Paint.Net, GIMP and Aseprite.

#### Games Design

I have a strong understanding and can put into practice different core gameplay mechanics effectively. Moreover, I'm familiar with and can incorporate the elements for different game experiences.

---

### Education

#### University of Derby — *2016-2020* 

**BSc (Hons), Computer Games Programming, Second Class Honours (1st Division)**

I completed my undergraduate studies at the University of Derby, specializing in game development. I studied topics including game AI, real-time physics, virtual reality, graphics APIs, and low-level programming. Outside of my studies, I also participated in the production of two games: [Infernal Sin](/infernal-sin/) and [Gladio](/gladio/). 

#### Confetti Institute of Creative Technologies — *2014-2016* 

**BTEC Level 3 Extended Diploma, Creative Media Production (Games Development), Distinction* Distinction Distinction**

During my time at Confetti, I completed a BTEC in Games Development, covering topics such as Pre-Production, Game Engines & Technologies, Game Design, Narrative Production, Sound Effects and more. I was also part of the production of the game, [Paper Cut](/paper-cut/).

#### The National Church Of England Academy — *2009-2014* 

7 GCSEs, 1 BTEC, and 1 ONAT qualification in English, Mathematics, Science, ICT, and Engineering.

---

### Work Experience

#### Chameleon Design and Print Ltd — *2023*

**Assistant**

At Chameleon Design and Print, I was responsible for the preparation and production of printed garments for professional and commercial clients. These responsibilities consisted of preparing new vinyl designs for printing, matching artwork to garments, as well as pressing and tagging of printed garments. Additionally, I aided in the design and preparation of new systems and processes to streamline the production of large quantities of orders arriving from our Etsy listings. In addition to my printing responsibilities, I also supported the tracking of onsite stock counts and the requisition of new stock.


#### RM plc — *2023*

**Data Entry Clerk**

At RM, I was responsible for processing new orders from customers placed via email. This process involved creating new orders through the internal systems, identifying and resolving issues with the orders. Where orders couldn't be resolved internally, we would liaise with the customer to help resolve the issues with their order. Alongside these responsibilities, I was also responsible for helping diagnose issues with orders containing outstanding items, as well as contacting customers about any current recalls on items they had purchased through letters, over emails, and by phone calls.

#### University of Derby — *2020*

**Computer Lab Assistant**

During the second semester of my final year in university, I assisted with teaching the first-year computing module, Foundations of Computer Science. My responsibilities included helping students understand various data structures and the C programming language through both in-person and remote sessions during the COVID-19 pandemic.

#### University of Derby  — *2019-2020*

**Software Developer**

During my final year of university, I collaborated on a project that integrated Virtual Reality into CAD design and development workflows. My main responsibility on this project was as a Software Developer, our development was completed using Unity 2019 alongside VRTK. Throughout this project, I explored the potential of VR technology to enhance the user experience and demonstrated strong problem-solving and technical skills in a practical setting.

--- 

### Volunteering

#### University of Derby  — *2018-2019*

**Program Representative**

During my third year at the University of Derby, I served as the program representative for the final year cohort of the Computer Games Programming course. My primary responsibilities included coordinating discussions and feedback between the student body and the department, as well as providing in-depth feedback on specific modules and the overall student experience. Additionally, I acted as a point of contact for students who required advice with their studies and guided them to support within the University for any issues they were experiencing.

#### Derby Union of Students: Computing Society — *2017-2018* 

**Treasurer**

During my second year at the University of Derby, I served as the treasurer and founding committee member for the Computing Society of the Derby Union of Students. My responsibilities included helping set up the society, managing the society's existing funds, acquiring new funds, and co-hosting our bi-annual award-winning GameJams.

---

### More about me!

I have a deep passion for video games. I enjoy trying out a diverse range of games, from new releases to classic gems. I believe that everyone should be trying out new games to experience and to learn from how different developers overcome the challenges in making their games fun. I also enjoy designing games that I would like to make, I enjoy coming up with gameplay loops and the mechanics that could help feed into them. I've been playing the video game *osu!* for over a decade and I have had the opportunity to attend many LAN events because of this, they are always a great joy to attend. 

Outside of games, I enjoy taking time away from my screens to read. I largely enjoy Sci-Fi and non-fiction but I am always open to a good novel. For the last few years I have been closely following Formula 1, I am a big fan of the current Williams Racing team and have a great respect for the McLaren F1 team. I have a lifelong passion for baking and cooking, I've recently been experimenting with pizza-making at home.

Commit message:

Add INFINITY27 skills bootcamp info

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /about/
title: "About"
layout: single
---

### Ay Up, I'm Louis!

Enthusiastic software developer with a background as a software developer and computing lab assistant at the University of Derby. Proficient in  C++, C#, Unreal Engine and Unity, with a solid foundation in game development and virtual reality development.

---

### Technical Skills

#### Programming Experience

I am experienced at using C++ and C#, I also have tangential experiences with using C and JavaScript.

#### Software Experience

Experienced in using Unreal Engine(4/5), Unity, Visual Studio, Rider, Git, SteamVR and Windows. I am also familiar with Blender, Maya, Paint.Net, GIMP and Aseprite.

#### Games Design

I have a strong understanding and can put into practice different core gameplay mechanics effectively. Moreover, I'm familiar with and can incorporate the elements for different game experiences.

---

### Education

#### University of Derby — *2016-2020* 

**BSc (Hons), Computer Games Programming, Second Class Honours (1st Division)**

I completed my undergraduate studies at the University of Derby, specializing in game development. I studied topics including game AI, real-time physics, virtual reality, graphics APIs, and low-level programming. Outside of my studies, I also participated in the production of two games: [Infernal Sin](/infernal-sin/) and [Gladio](/gladio/). 

#### Confetti Institute of Creative Technologies — *2014-2016* 

**BTEC Level 3 Extended Diploma, Creative Media Production (Games Development), Distinction* Distinction Distinction**

During my time at Confetti, I completed a BTEC in Games Development, covering topics such as Pre-Production, Game Engines & Technologies, Game Design, Narrative Production, Sound Effects and more. I was also part of the production of the game, [Paper Cut](/paper-cut/).

#### The National Church Of England Academy — *2009-2014* 

7 GCSEs, 1 BTEC, and 1 ONAT qualification in English, Mathematics, Science, ICT, and Engineering.

---

### Work Experience

#### INFINITY27 — *2024*

**[Unreal Engine Developer Skills Bootcamp](/infinity27/)** *(Internship)*

With INFINITY27, I developed a spell for the game Samsara by INFINITY27, a Unreal Authorized Training Centre. as part of their Unreal Engine Developer Skills Bootcamp. Created flowcharts, UML class diagrams, and prototypes implemented in Blueprint and C++. Participated in daily scrum meetings, wrote documentation, conducted game testing, used Perforce source control and gave a presentation coving my spell.

#### Chameleon Design and Print Ltd — *2023*

**Assistant**

At Chameleon Design and Print, I was responsible for the preparation and production of printed garments for professional and commercial clients. These responsibilities consisted of preparing new vinyl designs for printing, matching artwork to garments, as well as pressing and tagging of printed garments. Additionally, I aided in the design and preparation of new systems and processes to streamline the production of large quantities of orders arriving from our Etsy listings. In addition to my printing responsibilities, I also supported the tracking of onsite stock counts and the requisition of new stock.


#### RM plc — *2023*

**Data Entry Clerk**

At RM, I was responsible for processing new orders from customers placed via email. This process involved creating new orders through the internal systems, identifying and resolving issues with the orders. Where orders couldn't be resolved internally, we would liaise with the customer to help resolve the issues with their order. Alongside these responsibilities, I was also responsible for helping diagnose issues with orders containing outstanding items, as well as contacting customers about any current recalls on items they had purchased through letters, over emails, and by phone calls.

#### University of Derby — *2020*

**Computer Lab Assistant**

During the second semester of my final year in university, I assisted with teaching the first-year computing module, Foundations of Computer Science. My responsibilities included helping students understand various data structures and the C programming language through both in-person and remote sessions during the COVID-19 pandemic.

#### University of Derby  — *2019-2020*

**Software Developer**

During my final year of university, I collaborated on a project that integrated Virtual Reality into CAD design and development workflows. My main responsibility on this project was as a Software Developer, our development was completed using Unity 2019 alongside VRTK. Throughout this project, I explored the potential of VR technology to enhance the user experience and demonstrated strong problem-solving and technical skills in a practical setting.

--- 

### Volunteering

#### University of Derby  — *2018-2019*

**Program Representative**

During my third year at the University of Derby, I served as the program representative for the final year cohort of the Computer Games Programming course. My primary responsibilities included coordinating discussions and feedback between the student body and the department, as well as providing in-depth feedback on specific modules and the overall student experience. Additionally, I acted as a point of contact for students who required advice with their studies and guided them to support within the University for any issues they were experiencing.

#### Derby Union of Students: Computing Society — *2017-2018* 

**Treasurer**

During my second year at the University of Derby, I served as the treasurer and founding committee member for the Computing Society of the Derby Union of Students. My responsibilities included helping set up the society, managing the society's existing funds, acquiring new funds, and co-hosting our bi-annual award-winning GameJams.

---

### More about me!

I have a deep passion for video games. I enjoy trying out a diverse range of games, from new releases to classic gems. I believe that everyone should be trying out new games to experience and to learn from how different developers overcome the challenges in making their games fun. I also enjoy designing games that I would like to make, I enjoy coming up with gameplay loops and the mechanics that could help feed into them. I've been playing the video game *osu!* for over a decade and I have had the opportunity to attend many LAN events because of this, they are always a great joy to attend. 

Outside of games, I enjoy taking time away from my screens to read. I largely enjoy Sci-Fi and non-fiction but I am always open to a good novel. For the last few years I have been closely following Formula 1, I am a big fan of the current Williams Racing team and have a great respect for the McLaren F1 team. I have a lifelong passion for baking and cooking, I've recently been experimenting with pizza-making at home.
