_pages/projects.md, before:

---
permalink: /projects/
title: "Projects"
layout: splash

header:
    overlay_color: "#000"
    overlay_filter: 0.15
    overlay_image: /assets/images/infernalsingameplay.png
    caption: "Infernal Sin"


feature_row:
    - image_path: /assets/images/infernalsinspread.png
      alt: "Infernal Sin Logo"
      title: "Infernal Sin"
      excerpt: "A Souls-Like Hack-n-Slash with Bullet-hell elements. Created as part of *Digital Imp Studios*."
      url: "/infernal-sin/"
      btn_label: "Read More"
      btn_class: "btn--primary"
    - image_path: /assets/images/gladiologo.png
      alt: "Gladio Logo"
      title: "Gladio"
      excerpt: "A fast paced medieval VR fighting game."
      url: "/gladio/"
      btn_label: "Read More"
      btn_class: "btn--primary"
    - image_path: /assets/images/papercutlogo.png
      alt: "placeholder image 3"
      title: "Paper Cut"
      excerpt: "Paper Cut is a high-speed ichigeki hissatsu *(One Hit kill)* brawler"
      url: "/paper-cut/"
      btn_label: "Read More"
      btn_class: "btn--primary"

feature_row2:
    - image_path: /assets/images/uodameyconsulting.png
      alt: "University of Derby logo and Amey Consulting logo"
      title: "VR CAD Model Viewer"
      excerpt: "While in my last year at University, I worked on an Immersive Realities Research Project between The University of Derby and Amey Consulting as a Unity Developer creating a VR CAD Model Viewer."

feature_row3:
    - image_path: /assets/images/aoc2020.png
      alt: "Advent of Code 2020 Logo"
      title: "Advent of Code 2020"
      excerpt: "The [Advent of Code](https://adventofcode.com/) is a series of coding puzzles released daily during the month of advent and in [2020](https://adventofcode.com/2020) I decided to take part! My solutions are entirely in C++. (I encourage anyone to try and solve them yourself before looking at my solutions!). Advent of Code is made by [Eric Wastle](http://was.tl/)."
      url: https://github.com/Bazzadwarf/aoc-2020
      btn_label: "View Github Repo"
      btn_class: "btn--primary"
    - image_path: /assets/images/uodos.png
      alt: "UoDOS Terminal"
      title: "UoDOS"
      excerpt: "As part of my 3rd-year studies at University, I a module on programming for low-level systems, which involved extending an operating system via new system calls and file browser system utilities."
      url: https://github.com/Bazzadwarf/SystemsProgrammingAssessment2
      btn_label: "View Github Repo"
      btn_class: "btn--primary"
    - image_path: /assets/images/graphics2.png
      alt: "DX11 3D Renderer"
      title: "DX11 3D Renderer"
      excerpt: "As part of my 2nd Graphics module at University, we were tasked with creating a DirectX11 based 3D renderer. While not groundbreaking, it was a good way of getting into writing C++ for DirectX."
      url: https://github.com/Bazzadwarf/Graphics-II
      btn_label: "View Github Repo"
      btn_class: "btn--primary"
    - image_path: /assets/images/graphics1.png
      alt: "Win32 3D Renderer"
      title: "Win32 3D Renderer"
      excerpt: "For my first Graphics module at University, we were tasked with writing a 3D renderer using the Win32 API. This program was my first exposure to writing Graphics Programming and opened my eyes as to how powerful modern CPU's are."
      url: https://github.com/Bazzadwarf/Graphics1
      btn_label: "View Github Repo"
      btn_class: "btn--primary"
    - image_path: /assets/images/inception.png
      alt: "A screenshot of louishobbs.com homepage"
      title: "This website!"
      excerpt: "As you might be able to tell, I'm not a web developer. This website is just a static GitHub Pages site powered by [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) and [Minimal Mistakes](https://mademistakes.com/work/minimal-mistakes-jekyll-theme/) on a non-default domain."
      url: https://github.com/Bazzadwarf/Bazzadwarf.github.io
      btn_label: "View Github Repo"
      btn_class: "btn--primary"
---

## Games

{% include feature_row type='left' id="feature_row" %}

## Hired Work

{% include feature_row type='right' id="feature_row2" %}

## Misc Projects

Other bits and bobs that I have created that don't have a home.

{% include feature_row type='left' id="feature_row3" %}

Commit message:

Add New Projects to Projects page

_pages/projects.md, after:

---
permalink: /projects/
title: "Projects"
layout: splash

header:
    overlay_color: "#000"
    overlay_filter: 0.15
    overlay_image: /assets/images/infernalsingameplay.png
    caption: "Infernal Sin"


feature_row:
    - image_path: /assets/images/infernalsinspread.png
      alt: "Infernal Sin Logo"
      title: "Infernal Sin"
      excerpt: "A Souls-Like Hack-n-Slash with Bullet-hell elements. Created as part of *Digital Imp Studios*."
      url: "/infernal-sin/"
      btn_label: "Read More"
      btn_class: "btn--primary"
    - image_path: /assets/images/gladiologo.png
      alt: "Gladio Logo"
      title: "Gladio"
      excerpt: "A fast paced medieval VR fighting game."
      url: "/gladio/"
      btn_label: "Read More"
      btn_class: "btn--primary"
    - image_path: /assets/images/papercutlogo.png
      alt: "placeholder image 3"
      title: "Paper Cut"
      excerpt: "Paper Cut is a high-speed ichigeki hissatsu *(One Hit kill)* brawler"
      url: "/paper-cut/"
      btn_label: "Read More"
      btn_class: "btn--primary"

feature_row2:
    - image_path: /assets/images/uodameyconsulting.png
      alt: "University of Derby logo and Amey Consulting logo"
      title: "VR CAD Model Viewer"
      excerpt: "While in my last year at University, I worked on an Immersive Realities Research Project between The University of Derby and Amey Consulting as a Unity Developer creating a VR CAD Model Viewer."

feature_row3:
    - image_path: /assets/images/osu-rank-one.png
      alt: "History of osu! Rank 1"
      title: "History of osu! Rank 1"
      excerpt: "During the first half of 2021, I lead a project to create the definative timeline of players who had reached rank 1 on the global ranking leaderboard in the video game osu! using historical data to model day by day leaderboards."
      url: "/osu-rank-one/"
      btn_label: "Read more"
      btn_class: "btn--primary"
    - image_path: /assets/images/aoc2020.png
      alt: "Advent of Code 2020 Logo"
      title: "Advent of Code 2020"
      excerpt: "The [Advent of Code](https://adventofcode.com/) is a series of coding puzzles released daily during the month of advent and in [2020](https://adventofcode.com/2020) I decided to take part! My solutions are entirely in C++. (I encourage anyone to try and solve them yourself before looking at my solutions!). Advent of Code is made by [Eric Wastle](http://was.tl/)."
      url: https://github.com/Bazzadwarf/aoc-2020
      btn_label: "View Github Repo"
      btn_class: "btn--primary"
    - image_path: /assets/images/uodos.png
      alt: "UoDOS Terminal"
      title: "UoDOS"
      excerpt: "As part of my 3rd-year studies at University, I a module on programming for low-level systems, which involved extending an operating system via new system calls and file browser system utilities."
      url: https://github.com/Bazzadwarf/SystemsProgrammingAssessment2
      btn_label: "View Github Repo"
      btn_class: "btn--primary"
    - image_path: /assets/images/graphics2.png
      alt: "DX11 3D Renderer"
      title: "DX11 3D Renderer"
      excerpt: "As part of my 2nd Graphics module at University, we were tasked with creating a DirectX11 based 3D renderer. While not groundbreaking, it was a good way of getting into writing C++ for DirectX."
      url: https://github.com/Bazzadwarf/Graphics-II
      btn_label: "View Github Repo"
      btn_class: "btn--primary"
    - image_path: /assets/images/graphics1.png
      alt: "Win32 3D Renderer"
      title: "Win32 3D Renderer"
      excerpt: "For my first Graphics module at University, we were tasked with writing a 3D renderer using the Win32 API. This program was my first exposure to writing Graphics Programming and opened my eyes as to how powerful modern CPU's are."
      url: https://github.com/Bazzadwarf/Graphics1
      btn_label: "View Github Repo"
      btn_class: "btn--primary"
    - image_path: /assets/images/inception.png
      alt: "A screenshot of louishobbs.com homepage"
      title: "This website!"
      excerpt: "As you might be able to tell, I'm not a web developer. This website is just a static GitHub Pages site powered by [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) and [Minimal Mistakes](https://mademistakes.com/work/minimal-mistakes-jekyll-theme/) on a non-default domain."
      url: https://github.com/Bazzadwarf/Bazzadwarf.github.io
      btn_label: "View Github Repo"
      btn_class: "btn--primary"

feature_row4:
    - image_path: /assets/images/nakatomilogo.png
      alt: "Nakatomi Logo"
      title: "Nakatomi"
      excerpt: "Nakatomi is a third-person shooter with destructive objects in a liminal environment."
      url: "/nakatomi/"
      btn_label: "Read more"
      btn_class: "btn--primary"
    - image_path: /assets/images/TheOchulusLogo.png
      alt: "The Ochulus Logo"
      title: "The Ochulus"
      excerpt: "The Ochulus is a Bot for Discord, used for tracking and searching games."
      url: "/the-ochulus/"
      btn_label: "Read more"
      btn_class: "btn--primary"
---

## Recent Projects

{% include feature_row type='right' id="feature_row4" %}

## Games

{% include feature_row type='left' id="feature_row" %}

## Hired Work

{% include feature_row type='right' id="feature_row2" %}

## Misc Projects

A collection of projects that I have worked on in my spare time.

{% include feature_row type='left' id="feature_row3" %}
